So, on the map there is a single train track. On the train one train, consisting of 7 cars, is moving. There are 7 train stops, or metro stops, if you will. I guess this is a metro or could be viewed as one. The train is automated (in the "lore"). It has no direct driver, though there is obviously a way to control it. For example, in case of an emergency. Maybe I could have a control tower. 
Anyway, the train constantly moves between the stations. It stops at each station in a way that each car's doors are aligned with the platform doors (the station is designed in a way that... There are transparent walls between the platform and the tracks, for safety. And sliding door for each car. I mean, when the train stops at a proper position where the 7 car doors are aligned with the 7 platform doors, the 7 platform doors slide open and the 7 car doors slide open and so the passengers can walk through any of the 7 openings into the respective train cars (through this double door environment, so to speak)). Sometimes the train can stop a bit after the position of proper alignment of doors, or before it, in this case it will move slowly towards this position. Again, to reiterate, upon proper alignment the platform doors and train doors open, creating 7 ways of entering the train. A waiting period of some time happens. After a while, after passengers have entered the train, the doors close and the train proceeds on to the next station. If something blocks a door, the process freezes (i.e. the door which feels that there is an obstacle to closing will stop closing and slide open) and the train obviously will not move until all doors are properly closed. This is to ensure there are no accidents regarding bodies or other objects being damaged by doors or the doors being damaged by them or both. The doors will automatically stop closing and open back the moment they encounter a sufficient pressure to prevent any, at least strong, or any, injury.
Each station has a screen or multiple screens placed throughout the station, each displaying a timer which provides approximate time until the train reaches the station. 
So, this basically describes the full process.

